[weave] Update signals (#2711)
wandb/docs: weave/guides/tracking/view-agent-activity.mdx

### Signals table

Each row represents one signal score applied to a turn. The following columns appear by default.

| Column | Description |
|---|---|
| **Type** | Linked to the flame graph details of the turn that generated the signal result. |
| **Scorer** | The name of the signal that produced this score. |
| **Last message** | A preview of the last message in the scored turn, with the role shown below. |
| **Agent** | The agent associated with the scored turn. |

> | **Scores** | The numeric score from 0 to 1, or a tag if matched. Scores near 0 indicate a detected issue. Scores near 1 indicate no issue detected. |

Reviewer: Is it implied that it's a float?

> | **Scores** | The numeric score from 0 to 1, or a tag if matched. Scores near 0 indicate a detected issue. Scores near 1 indicate no issue detected. |

Author: ```suggestion
| **Scores** | The numeric score from 0.0 to 1.0, or a tag if matched. Scores near 0 indicate a detected issue. Scores near 1 indicate no issue detected. |
```

> | **Trend (24h)** | How scores for this signal have changed over the past 24 hours. |

Reviewer: It might be useful to give an example of what a trend looks like in this context. Is it just positive or negative or something else?

Author: thx, clarified better. plus the screenshot will help answer that for folks

> | **Trend (24h)** | How scores for this signal have changed over the past 24 hours. |

Author: ```suggestion
| **Trend (24h)** | Shows a sparkline of how scores for this signal have changed over the past 24 hours. |
```

| **When** | When the signal was scored. |

Use the time window selector and **Filter** bar to narrow results by scorer, agent, score range, or time period. The **Score volume** timeline shows counts of signals that have been evaluated for ratings or tagged. It reflects the rows shown in the table and supports drag-to-filter on the timeline.

### Create a new signal

Select **+ New signal** to create a new scorer for your agent.

#### Scorer type

Choose to create either a **Rating** scorer or a **Tags** scorer.

- **Rating**: Ratings-based scorers assign a numeric value between 0 and 1 to each matching turn. Weave creates one Signals table row per matching turn.

> - **Tags**: Tags-based scorers assign a tag to each matching turn that meets your criteria (for example, detecting user frustration). Weave creates a Signals table row only when a turn matches the tag criteria. If you create a tag signal and see no rows, the scorer likely hasn't found a match yet.  Multiple tags can be assigned per scorer.

Reviewer: I wondered if this might be better as a small table since it's either/or, but that's a bit of a nit.

#### Only score turns matching

A turn is one back-and-forth exchange with the agent. Use this selector to restrict which turns the signal scores, such as a specific `Agent name`, `Operation name`, `Tool name`, or `Request model`. Multiple filters are combined with `AND` logic. To score every turn, select the **x** at the end of the filter row to remove it.

#### Prompt template

> Starter templates are provided for common evaluation goals, such as `User Frustration` or `Malicious Intent`. After you select a template, the prompt appears inline as **Scorer prompt** for immediate editing. The scorer prompt supports template variables (`{input_messages}`, `{output_messages}`, `{system_instructions}`, and `{agent_name}`) that Weave fills in at score time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Choose a starter template that aligns with a common evaluation goal like `User Frustration` or `Malicious Intent`, then adjust the prompt that appears inline as **Scorer prompt**. Weave resolves the template variables `{input_messages}`, `{output_messages}`, `{system_instructions}` during scoring.
```

#### Scorer name

Choose the display name for this signal.

#### Advanced settings

Under **Advanced**, configure the following options.

- **Inference model**: Choose the model that runs the scorer prompt against agent turns. [Serverless Inference](/inference) is recommended and is the default when it is set up for your project. Otherwise, Weave falls back to the first configured third-party provider or any saved custom provider for the project.
- **Sample rate**: For high-traffic agents, set a sample rate to score a fraction of turns instead of every turn and reduce cost.

### Manage and edit signals

Select **Manage signals** to open a drawer that lists all active signals for the project. From there you can toggle signals on or off, delete them, or edit any signal. The editor shows the same fields as **+ New signal**.

### Troubleshoot signals

> Signal activity itself appears under **Traces** in the project sidebar. If you do not see signal matches you expect, use the Traces table to debug. Check the scorer name and the `Status` column for error conditions.  Scorer execution errors show a red indicator for `Status` and include details for the error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Signal activity appears under **Traces** in the project sidebar. If you do not see the expected signal matches, debug using the **Traces** table. For example, check the scorer name and the **Status** column for error conditions.  Scorer execution errors show a red indicator for **Status** and include details for the error.
```
If these column names show up in the UI, I think they should be bold rather than code font.

Author: true.thx
